hey girl assistance and today guys we're
gonna be taking los Kathy unlimited
money trick with in GTA online now this
is really easy guys so if you guys find
it easy and enjoyed the video - make
sure to leave a like rating that why not
subscribe while you're at it to keep up
to date with some tips and tricks on my
channel of gta5 on line and in the story
mode so that's it for that let's get
straight into the video to begin doing
this trick guys I want to do is make
sure you're in the story mode to start
off with on GTA 5 and then once you are
in the story mode you don't really need
to do much I need to do go to the pause
menu and go to the online tap and then
one chilling the online tab you want to
click play GTA online and then you will
get some session options and all you
want to do is make sure you click on the
soul session and make sure no one can
join your game and then once you're in
the game guys when you're in your
session online on solo make sure it's
time so it works really well when you're
on so you want to go to the location
where I'm at right now the grand
sonarak desert and what you will find
that a shop one industry and there is
one at the other end of the street and
the one next to los santos customs has
ATM machines so you can store money
really easily and really quickly after
robbing the shop so that is really it
for that guys and once you have got that
and you the I want to be guys that you
drop the shop once you have stolen the
money from the clerk you want to go on
the opposite side of the road make sure
you're on the complete opposite side of
the road once you're there you want to
press pause and you want to go to the
Xbox game store which is the last tab on
the pause menu all the PlayStation game
store if you're on ps3 and once you're
there guys once it is fully loaded up
with the game store once you can see the
cash and the packs available in the
category section you want to completely
go off the game store and you want to
spawn back into the game and you should
spawn back into the game where you left
off and with the same store that you
have just stolen from available to steal
from again and that is really it guys
you just repeat this over and over again
rob the store go to the game store and
then back out and then repeat repeat
repeat you will get unlimited money from
this most of the time you just get loads
and loads of money and you don't your
wanted level goes down as well so
there's no problem with that really but
you will encounter some problems some of
the time not all the time but one or two
times
we'll get a option not to go inside of
the shop because it says it has just
been robbed so you will not be able to
go inside it and all you need to do is
go to the opposite end of the street and
go and rob that one and repeat the same
technique over and over again and then
if you get the same problem again where
you can not rob that store just go back
to the other side where you robbed the
first store and then you should be able
to get you know carry on going over that
process so that is more or less it guys
hopefully you guys have enjoyed the
video if you have then don't forget to
leave a like rating I really do
appreciate it
and make sure to share this video with
your friends guys only takes two seconds
and hope you guys have a great day and
I'll see you guys when I see you guys